docs: Add notes about runs-on syntax (#29641)
github/docs: data/reusables/actions/jobs/section-choosing-the-runner-for-a-job.md

- If you would like to run your workflow on multiple machines, use [`jobs.<job_id>.strategy`](/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idstrategy).

{% note %}

> **Note:** When passing strings as the value of `runs-on` they can be quoted but it is not needed, for example `self-hosted`. However expressions like {% raw %} `"${{ inputs.chosen-os }}"`{% endraw %} need to be quoted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Quotation marks are not required around simple strings like `self-hosted`, but they are required for expressions like {% raw %} `"${{ inputs.chosen-os }}"`{% endraw %}.
```
